updated README.md (#1290)
EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice: README.md

﻿<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line -->

> 

Reviewer: Please remove this line, otherwise, the Markdown Linter ignorer won't work.
```suggestion
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inefficient

  git push -u origin main
```

If you get an error message like the one below, you probably forgot to fork the repository before cloning it.

```bash
ERROR: Permission to EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice.git denied to <your-github-username>.
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.
Please make sure you have the correct access rights and the repository exists.
```

No need to panic or loose your streak at this point. Follow along to fix this issue.

> To fix this issue, fork the project now using the gray `Fork` button in the top right of this page.

Reviewer: We could provide a link to fork the repository directly.
```suggestion
To fix this issue, fork the project using the gray [`Fork`](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice/fork) button in the top right of this page.
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inelegant

> Once the fork is complete it will redirect you to the newly forked repo on your github account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the fork is complete, it will redirect you to the newly forked repository on your GitHub account.
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inefficient

> Run these commands at this point and you are good to continue:

Reviewer: There's a missing comma here.
```suggestion
Run these commands at this point, and you are good to continue:
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inefficient

> ```

Reviewer: Should we add `bash` after the ` ``` `? That way, it may have formatting on the commands we use.

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :question: I have a question

Author: Not everyone uses Bash. I think this should be left generic for the developer to figure out and its not whats the scope of this README section.

Reviewer: > Not everyone uses Bash. I think this should be left generic for the developer to figure out and its not whats the scope of this README section.

That cannot be seen by users unless they check the code directly.
It is used to determine what language you're using in the codeblock. We can use `shell` if you want.

git remote remove origin
git remote add origin git@github.com:<your github usename>/hacktoberfest-practice.git
```

> You can confirm that your local copy is pointing to forked repo under your account by running this command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can confirm that your local copy is pointing to the forked repository under your account by running the following command:
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inefficient

```
git remote -vv
```

> output should be like below:

Reviewer: I think we could improve the wording here. What do you think?

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :question: I have a question&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inefficient

Author: Nothing that a developer should not already be understanding from this working.

> output should be like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output should be like below:
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inefficient

  git push -u origin main
```

If you get an error message like the one below, you probably forgot to fork the repository before cloning it.

```bash
ERROR: Permission to EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice.git denied to <your-github-username>.
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.
Please make sure you have the correct access rights and the repository exists.
```

No need to panic or loose your streak at this point. Follow along to fix this issue.

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done @schmelto

To fix this issue, fork the project now using the gray `Fork` button in the top right of this page.
Once the fork is complete it will redirect you to the newly forked repo on your github account.

> Run these commands at this point and you are good to continue:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run these commands at this point and you are good to continue:
<- insert ``` here
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix

Author: Done @schmelto
